Update MeowInformationRequester.rst.txt (#4675)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/CodeSnippets/Examples/Http/MeowInformationRequester.rst.txt

            ];

            // Get a PSR-7-compliant response object
            try {
                $response = $this->requestFactory->request(
                    self::API_URL,
                    'GET',
                    $additionalOptions,
                );

>             } catch (\GuzzleHttp\Exception\ClientException $exception) {
>                 if ($exception->code !== 200) {
>                    // Do something to continue execution
>                 }
>             }

Reviewer: The `ClientException` will only be thrown for HTTP status `4**`. So `$exception->code !== 200` is always true.

The `ServerException` will only be thrown for HTTP status `5**`

So for documentation I would prefer using `RequestException` which has a weighter range of catching exceptions:

```suggestion
            } catch (\GuzzleHttp\Exception\RequestException $exception) {
                // If a response could built above the exception code will be set to
                // the HTTP response code.
                if ($exception->code === 404) {
                   // Do something or protocol HTTP status 404 to log
                }
            }
```
